1. Input data are placed in folder ‘input_images’.  
2. All functions and main code are in ‘project.py’. It can be run directly under current path with ‘input_images’ in the same path. Parameters can be changed according to the table below:

Code input:
Input_dir = ‘input_images’ ---- Select the file with all data images stored in

imnum = int ---- The image pair number. Can be selected in list [2, 3, 4] with attached input image pairs and ground truth

disp_max = 300 ----	The maximum disparity, according to the doffs in the calibration file, value is set to 300 for imnum = [3, 4, 5, 6, 7] and 900 for imnum=2

scale = 3 ---- The image resize scale to scale down the image and ground truth size in order to save the computation time. Larger scale leads to shorter time, but slightly larger error. 

lamb_rate = 0.2 ----	The smoothness term parameter is defined as λ=dat〖aterm〗_median*λ_rate. Values between (0.1, 0.5) are used for this project.

doffs = list of float ----	The doffs copied from the dataset calibration file for the 10 training images. Used for image illustration trim and reference for maximum disparity.

Code output (images in current path)
img[imnum]GT.png ----	The ground truth image obtained from the website

img[imnum]SSD.png ----	Disparity map generated from simple SSD

img[imnum]SSD_error.png ----	SSD mean absolute error map

img[imnum]smooth.png ----	Disparity map generated by incorporating graph cut smoothing algorithm

img[imnum]smooth_error.png ----	Mean absolute error map for smoothed disparity

Print out dd error mean ----	The difference between mean disparity of SSD and ground truth

Print out ds error mean ----	The difference between mean disparity of smoothed and ground truth

Print out SSD absolute error ----	SSD MAE

Print out Smoothed absolute error ----	Smoothed MAE

